---
title: Books I Read in 2022
layout: post
tags:
  - books
---
As copied down from my silly little index card system. 

## January

1. Who you are 
2. Gurnsey Potato Pie Society
3. Qwee?
4. Nei Jia Dan
5. Nina Hill
6. Ego is the Enemy
7. Eros and Energy
8. Cytonic
9. Secret to Superhuman Strength
10. A court of thorns and roses
11. The inner game of work
12. Solutions and other problems
13. Harlem Shuffle
14. Court of ??? (2nd book in thorns and roses)
## February

1. Court of ??? (3)
2. Court of  ??? (3.1)
3. Court of ?? (4)
4. **100 Essays I don't have time to write**
5. Lessons from plants
6. Cross talk
7. **Statistics as Principled Argument**
8. Less
9. Art and Fear
10. Life in a Clown House
11. Sterling's Gold
12. Kink
13. Tell me about the last time you had sex
14. The invisible life of Addie LaRue
15. Rhett+Link Book
16. Iron and Silk
17. Princess Beard
18. Notes to Self
## March

1. **Practice of Groundedness**
2. One More Thing
3. How to lie with Statistics
4. The Freelance Academic
5. **Mathematics for Human Flourishing**
6. The Love Hypothesis
7. Project Hail Mary
8. How to find a princess
9. I might regret this
10. My sister, the serial killer
11. Milk and Honey
12. The 4 hour body
13. The Outlander
14. Red Queen
15. Book 2 (Red Queen)
16. Book 3 (Red Queen)
17. Weapons of Math Destruction
18. Book 4 (Red Queen)
19. Everything is trash but it's okay
20. Merewife
## April

1. Smack bam
2. Hyperbole and a half 
3. Soaring 20s book
4. Lobizona
5. The AI who loved me
6. No one is talking about this
7. The wedding date
8. Dark lover
9. Lover Eternal
10. Lover Revealed 
11. Lover something something 
12. **Tearling 1**
13. Tearling 2
14. Tearling 3
## May

1. Mastered by her mates
2. 28 Summers
3. THe bear and the nightengale
4. Book 2 (Bear/Nightingale)
5. Book 3
6. Wheel of Time 1
7. Wheel of Time 2
8. Playing with Moving
9. The dot and the line
10. The Shallows
11. St. Lucy's Home for Girls Raised By Wolves
12. Too much is not enough
13. Psychology of Money
14. The Jamine Throne
15. Wheel of time 3
16. Gallant
17. Legendborn

## June

1. WoT 4
2. WoT 5
3. WoT 6
4. WoT 7
5. Gideon the Nineth
6. WoT 8
7. WoT 9 
8. WoT 10 
9. Harrow the Nineth
10. WoT 11
## July

1. Warlock Holmes
2. Save the Cat
3. The Power of Ritual
4. Haring-isms
5. Single White Monk
6. Some who will love you in all your damamged glory
7. Uncommon type
8. WoT 12
9. WoT 13
10. WoT 14
## August

1. Iron Widow
2. This Woven Kingdom
3. Soldier Son 1
4. Soldier Son 2
5. Soldier Son 3
6. Range
7. **Pathless Path**
8. How will you measure your life?
9. Manage your day to day
10. What if this were enough?
## September

1. This I believe 2
2. No one wants to read your shit
3. Is everyone hanging out without me?
4. Girl, Serpent, Thorn
5. **Children of Time**
6. THe Know-it-all
7. Forgotten Beasts of Eld
8. **Algorithms to Live By**
9. Comedy, comedy, comedy, drama
## October

1. Doctoring
2. Weather Girl
3. Letters to a young poet
4. Principle of Uncertainty
5. **Many Splendored Things**
6. Book Lovers
7. One Last Stop
8. The Artist's Way

## November

1. My body
2. Act your age, Eve Brown
3. Mammoth Book of Historical Erotica
4. Manifesto for a Moral Revolution
5. Daily Rituals, Women at Work
6. Pleasure Activism
7. The essence of Tai Chi Chuan
8. The right swipe
9. Blood Marked
10. Modern Love
11. Babel
12. The fine art of flirting
13. THe watchmaker of fillgren street
## December

1. Year of Yes
2. If this isn't nice, what is
3. Lord of Light
4. Her Majesty's Royal Coven
5. The Golden Enclave
6. Sex Cult Nun
7. Strange Bedfellows
8. **Little Weirds**